Add new configuration variable for disabling copying clipboard ULR (#73)
jamiew/git-friendly: README.md

* `GIT_FRIENDLY_NO_BOWER`: disables `bower install`
* `GIT_FRIENDLY_NO_COMPOSER`: disables `composer install`

> To disable copying URL to clipboard after `push` use environmental variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable copying URL to clipboard after `push` use the `GIT_FRIENDLY_NO_COPY_AFTER_PUSH ` environmental variable.
```

No need to repeat the same text twice.

> * `$GIT_FRIENDLY_NO_COPY_AFTER_PUSH`: disables copying URL to clipboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
